# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --frozen --no-dev --no-hashes -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via webpeditor
aioreactive==0.20.0
    # via webpeditor
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anydi==0.44.1
    # via webpeditor
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anydi
    #   httpx
    #   reactpy
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-ninja-extra
    #   reactpy
    #   webpeditor
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via daphne
automat==25.4.16
    # via twisted
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   webpeditor
cffi==1.17.1 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy'
    # via cryptography
channels==4.2.2
    # via
    #   reactpy-django
    #   webpeditor
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via deptry
cmdkit==2.7.7
    # via names-generator
colorama==0.4.6 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   deptry
    #   loguru
    #   qrcode
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via reactpy
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via django-ninja-extra
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   fido2
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
    #   webpeditor
daphne==4.2.0
    # via channels
deptry==0.23.0
    # via webpeditor
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   reactpy-django
    #   webpeditor
django==5.2.3
    # via
    #   channels
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-ninja
    #   django-ninja-extra
    #   django-otp
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   ninja-schema
    #   reactpy-django
    #   webpeditor
django-allauth==65.9.0
    # via webpeditor
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   django-compressor
    #   webpeditor
django-compressor==4.5.1
    # via webpeditor
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via webpeditor
django-extensions==4.1
    # via webpeditor
django-jazzmin==3.0.1
    # via webpeditor
django-ninja==1.4.3
    # via
    #   django-ninja-extra
    #   webpeditor
django-ninja-extra==0.30.1
    # via webpeditor
django-otp==1.6.0
    # via webpeditor
django-stubs==5.2.1
    # via webpeditor
django-stubs-ext==5.2.1
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   webpeditor
django-types==0.21.0
    # via webpeditor
djhtml==3.0.8
    # via webpeditor
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   webpeditor
docutils==0.21.2
    # via webpeditor
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via reactpy
exifread==3.3.1
    # via webpeditor
expression==5.6.0
    # via
    #   aioreactive
    #   webpeditor
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via reactpy
fido2==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via webpeditor
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.2.0
    # via twisted
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via webpeditor
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
injector==0.22.0
    # via django-ninja-extra
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via reactpy
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
lazy-object-proxy==1.11.0
    # via webpeditor
loguru==0.7.3
    # via webpeditor
lxml==6.0.0
    # via reactpy
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via webpeditor
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via reactpy
names-generator==0.2.0
    # via webpeditor
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via reactpy-django
ninja-schema==0.14.2
    # via webpeditor
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
orjson==3.10.18
    # via reactpy-django
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   deptry
    #   gunicorn
    #   requirements-parser
pillow==11.3.0
    # via webpeditor
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via webpeditor
priority==1.3.0
    # via twisted
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via service-identity
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via webpeditor
pycparser==2.22 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy'
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   django-ninja
    #   expression
    #   ninja-schema
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via django-allauth
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via twisted
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via webpeditor
pytz==2025.2
    # via webpeditor
qrcode==8.2
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   webpeditor
rcssmin==1.1.2
    # via django-compressor
reactivex==4.0.4
    # via aioreactive
reactpy==1.1.0
    # via
    #   reactpy-django
    #   reactpy-router
reactpy-django==5.2.1
    # via webpeditor
reactpy-router==1.0.3
    # via reactpy-django
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   reactpy
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
requirements-parser==0.13.0
    # via deptry
rjsmin==1.2.2
    # via django-compressor
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via twisted
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   incremental
    #   zope-interface
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via webpeditor
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   webpeditor
twisted==25.5.0
    # via
    #   daphne
    #   webpeditor
txaio==25.6.1
    # via autobahn
types-linq==1.2.1
    # via webpeditor
types-psycopg2==2.9.21.20250516
    # via django-types
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
    # via django-stubs
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   aioreactive
    #   anydi
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   expression
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   reactivex
    #   reactpy
    #   reactpy-django
    #   reactpy-router
    #   twisted
    #   typing-inspection
    #   webpeditor
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via django
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uuid-utils==0.11.0
    # via webpeditor
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via webpeditor
win32-setctime==1.2.0 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via loguru
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   anydi
    #   webpeditor
zope-interface==7.2
    # via twisted
